Kabuto, I'll tell you about this kid later...
More importantly...
Why don't you call over the three little mice behind you?
So he's seen through everything, huh...?
There's the signal!
You again, huh...?
I've seen that face often...
And it looks like the Nine-Tails kid is here, too...
Maybe I'll play with you guys a little.
Let's see who's become stronger... you or Sasuke.
Give Sasuke...
back...!
"Give him back" is not the correct way of saying it, Naruto...
Your reasoning is off...
Sasuke came to us because he wanted to.
For a man, you're too obsessed... about the past.
You need to resign yourself.
Shut up, four-eyes!
You don't even know how Naruto feels...
Stop acting so cold about everything!
If you want to know about Sasuke,
try forcing it out of me...
If you can, that is...
The Nine-Tails Unleashed
Naruto... What is this?!
What is that?
I see...
So it appeared just as I thought...
Judging from the shape of the Chakra,
the number of tails will probably continue to grow...and eventually...
there will be nine.
That's about the size of it...
Master Jiraiya, how many tails have you seen?
I've come close... to dying twice...
The first time, I broke six ribs and both arms,
and several of my internal organs ruptured...
It was when I tried to peek into the women's bath at a hot spring
and you pounded me good, Tsunade...
The other time was...
during Naruto's training
when I saw the fourth tail of the Nine-Tails Chakra.
His anger became the trigger
and the number of Fox Spirit tails he grew increased.
He maintained consciousness up until the third Fox Spirit tail.
But by the fourth tail,
he had lost all rationality and was controlled by destructive impulses.
He was just like a small version of the Nine-Tailed Fox Spirit.
Even with the Fourth Hokage's seal
it can go that far?
Yes.
I don't know the details, but I can say this for certain:
The Fourth Hokage's Sealing Jutsu might very well...
be weakening.
The Fourth Hokage's Sealing Jutsu...?
I can't believe it...
There's more...
It may appear that when Naruto is in the Nine-Tails state,
he's being protected by the Nine-Tail's Cloak...
But in actuality, his body was continuing to suffer damage
from the Nine Tail's Cloak itself.
After the fourth tail formed,
his body, wrapped in the Nine-Tail's Cloak, grew bloodied,
and he thrashed about despite suffering serious injuries.
After the Nine-Tail's Cloak dissipated,
his wounded body
was healed by the Nine-Tails Chakra inside his body.
But if he continues to get hurt
and then heal at that speed over and over...
Naruto's body will break down and his life span will shorten.
That's why we need you... Yamato!
You, who has inherited the cells of the First Hokage.
Now you're the only one...
who can control the Jinchuriki Host.
Fortunately for us,
Naruto happens to be wearing the First Hokage's necklace...
We're counting on you...
Naruto... you've grown considerably as a Jinchuriki Host.
The power of the Nine-Tails is rapidly getting stronger...
The striking feature of the "Jinchuriki Host" is
how it utilizes unbelievable power by resonating with the "Tailed Beast."
Naruto...
You're starting to become more like a Jinchuriki Host, aren't you...
Naruto?
I get it...
So that's why you were chosen to keep watch over him, huh?
So my experiment turned out to be somewhat useful...
Experiment...?
The Leaf should be thanking me a little more for this...
Don't you agree...
my adorable little test subject...?
Test subject?
Who the heck is this person?
It happened...
a long time ago when I was still in the Hidden Leaf Village...
I wanted the power of the First Hokage,
the only one among all Shinobi who could use the Wood Style Ninjutsu
and control Tailed Beasts at will.
I once conducted an experiment where I took some DNA information...
from the remains of the First Hokage and implanted genetic components...
from that DNA into the cells of sixty children.
But their bodies violently rejected it,
and they died while kicking and struggling...
Around the time when I was about to give up,
I ended up being tracked by another one of my experiments
and had to leave the village...
leaving my laboratory just as it was.
I thought all the test subjects had died...
but I never thought one of them would still be alive.
I get it...
Four-Pillar Prison Jutsu!
Th-This is...the secret Jutsu that only the First Hokage could use.
The Wood Style Ninjutsu!
How come Captain Yamato can use the Wood Style Ninjutsu?
So that's why he can use the Wood Style
that only the First Hokage could use...
So that's the story...
I see...
So it looks like we'll now be able to obtain
a sample from a product of old research.
More important than that...
I'd like to test out how strong my Sasuke has become...
by having him fight against Naruto.
He doesn't...
He doesn't belong to you...!
Don't talk about Sasuke...
in front of me...
like he belongs to you!
That's...
What's...that Chakra?!
The air stings...
Interesting...
No doubt about it.
It's the Nine-Tail's Cloak... Three tails have formed...
Th-That's...the power of the Jinchuriki Host...
I can feel it in my bones... This...
This terrifying Chakra...
is not the kind that can be controlled!
This is...Naruto Uzumaki's...
the Nine-Tail's power, huh?
What power!
To think there'd be that much power just with Chakra...
And on top of that, he rampages letting his emotions take over.
It's as if he's not seeing what's around him.
That power of his is a problem,
but this difficult situation is a great opportunity for me.
Failure will not be tolerated.
My true mission assigned to me by my Lord Danzo is about to begin.
Next episode: "The Top-Secret Mission Begins"